---
layout: offerings
category: Services-Firma
img: MiB_box.jpg
title: Fear
title_kurz:
description: "..."
angebot: coming soon
preis: coming soon
anfrage: "Fear Training"
permalink: fear
---

# Who are you, fear?
Learn in 6 weeks how to make your fear your teacher and companion to walk your true path with confidence.
* Learn to become aware of your fear.
* Understand how to identify your triggers and transform them.
* Shift the way cultural and media based fears affect your life.
* constructively with your fear.

<br><br>
<center>
<!-- MeetFox static button start -->
<link href="https://app.meetfox.com/assets/styles/popup.css" rel="stylesheet" />
<script src="https://app.meetfox.com/assets/libs/popup.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
<a href="" class="btn btn-primary btn-xl text-uppercase js-scroll-trigger" onclick="MeetFox.initStaticButton({ url: 'https://meetfox.com/de/e/turtletrafo/borderless' });return false;">Start your journey with a personal call for free</a>
<!-- MeetFox static button end -->
</center>

<br><br>
<center><i>
Most of our fears are not life threatening. Realizing that has the potential to help us grow.
</i>)</center>

<br><br>
# This Course is for you if...
* you want to use your fear to support you rather than keep you in recurring fear loops.
* you really want to dive deeply in the your shadows and stop struggling with it your trigger.
* are brave enough to let your fear show you everything that need to be healed.

<br><br>
<center><a href="mailto:{{ site.email }}?subject=Fear Training" target="_blank" class="btn btn-primary text-uppercase">Start your journey now</a></center>

<br><br>
# The way to a peaceful relationship with your fear

### 1: awareness
Finetuning your senses towards your trigger.

### 2: Calm your body and mind
Fear triggers your stress responds which stops maintenance in your body and suppresses the immune system. Train hands on technic to stop the stress response to get your body back to normal business and your mind into clarity and grounding.

### 3: Find the root cause for your trigger and work through it
Become aware of your fear induced stories and release those that don’t fit anymore.

### 4: Courage building
Trust and courage based mindset gives you a headstart in fear triggering situations.

<br><br>
# This is how the course is structured
* 6 group sessions on Tuesdays 3 - 4 pm
* 2 x 1h 1:1 session with Miriam
* audio-input, meditations and workbook

<br><br>
<center><a href="mailto:{{ site.email }}?subject=Fear Training" target="_blank" class="btn btn-primary text-uppercase">Start your journey now</a></center>

<br><br>
# About Miriam
Miriam is a Change Angle and Performance Coach. Miriam combines inner work and personality development with a scientific down-to-earth attitude. Using a variety of tools intuitively
she can be your fast track to high performance relationship with your fear.
